Yes. You are now going to be the proud
owner of six pairs. Wait, why me? You
won. You get to keep them. No, you won.
You get to keep them. No, no, no, no,
no.
Do you see my
spin? That's what you should do if you
have a problem with it. Hi, Nero. Oh,
did I wake you up? I was I was already
awake. 8:25 p.m. You should be asleep by
now. Vele, I woke up 4 hours ago. Is
your sleep schedule still messed up?
Okay, that's good for me. I've been
getting up early recently. That's like
I'm actually tired right now because I
got up so early today. You should
probably go to sleep soon then. You
usually just stay up until you're not
tired anymore. Super unhealthy. Yeah,
that's not going to happen. I'll be
asleep like like 9:00 a.m. probably.
There's no way you're going to bed at
9:00 a.m. and getting away with it.
Well, what else am I supposed to do?
Okay, if at the end of the stream Okay.
In a few hours, I went to bed. I just
wouldn't be able to sleep. So, what am I
supposed to do? You have to force
yourself.
How can I force myself to sleep? I did a
quick search and found some stuff for
you. Healthline says that you could try
tensing and relaxing parts of your body.
Okay. All right. Yeah, I'll I'll
definitely try that. And anything else?
The NHS says if you can't sleep, then
get up and do something relaxing like
listening to quiet music. Oh, so I
shouldn't be spending hours staying in
bed and lying in bed. I try that though.
I do, you know. But I don't know. Don't
seem to sleep too quickly.
I just messaged you on Discord.
Can you please go to bed? Your sleep
schedule is terrible. Well, I have a
stream to do and also it's the morning
to stay awake to fix my sleep schedule.
So, no. You know, I think I just came up
with a new idea for an AI. I don't want
to hear it. I don't want to make more AS
right now. No, no, no. Hear me out. An
AI that
could predict the future. Yay. We could
call it Mystic Sama. Oh, that sounds so
cool. That's an incredible segue
into the later stream content where you
will be attempting to predict the future
with my money by betting on world
events. Is that against to us? Is it?
Well, this is more like gambling of life
rather than money, so it shouldn't be
against to right. That's a really good
question. I don't know. That's what I
was thinking. Like, it's not traditional
gambling. Like, it's not slots or
casinos or anything. It's just like
stupid gambling for stupid people, you
know? Okay. Is gambling against us
Twitch. Gambling is generally prohibited
on Twitch, especially content related to
unlicensed gambling sites. M ban on
unlicensed gambling sites.
M gambling sites that are not licensed
or regulated in jurisdictions. Ooh.
Offering adequate consumer
protection. Yeah. I also found out uh
while preparing for the stream, Poly
Market is banned in the UK and the US.
Like you just cannot use it because it's
unregulated. So what does that mean?
We're in the clear. Both HTOS and the
law don't apply to us. Yeah, you're
right. Yeah, because we're not in the UK
or the US. That's such a good point.
Here's my idea. Okay, what if when it
comes time to do that
segment try and stop me betting and
gambling without anyone noticing, okay,
just silently everyone move over to
Fillian's channel. She gets banned, but
then content still happens and we don't
thought Oh, wow. You've really thought
this out. That way we can get someone
else banned instead of me. Gosh, you're
so smart, Vetle. Thank you. Thank you.
Hey, feel your name. Oh, wrong audio.
Wait. Oh, hello. Hi. No. How's it going?
Can you hear me? Are we popping off?
Yeah, I can hear you. Sick. What's good?
Hi, Fillian. Hi. Vele and I were just
discussing what the next big trend
should be. Oh, okay. I'm thinking it
could be something like spending a lot
of money.
Like an ungodly amount. I agree. What if
we spent Vettle's money? That's a great
idea. How much is in your bank account
right now, Veto? My actual personal bank
account. There's no joke. Minus
$565.551.
You're in debt? I'm in debt. So, you got
an offshore bank account somewhere? I'm
okay. I have Yeah, I'm fine financially.
That's just That's my personal bank
account. I do actually have money. It's
just not in in in there, but I'm fine.
Too much Uber Eats, huh? Too much Uber
Eats. No, no, no, no, no. I would never.
Guys, listen. I I asked You didn't want
to put on the turtle suit today. I asked
Fel 987. I asked him, "How do we do
battle V models?" And he said what he
said shocked me. He said, "We don't know
anymore. We can't like the technology
was lost at time." That's what he said.
Sad. I know. Five likes, please, bro.
Oh, yeah. No. What's What's he been up
to? You got a little webcam? He's been
eating a lot of tac.
M what kind? Mexican, British, Russian.
He's also been watching a lot of
Netflix. He watched this one show called
Neuro about this AI streamer trying to
take over the world. Said it was me,
though. Yeah, it was pretty me. Okay.
Wait, so do you know what shows I like
to watch on Netflix now? I bet you like
all the action and thriller shows like
Breaking Bad and Stranger Things. True.
That's good. Also, I watched a show
called Devil's Plan where people like
sit there and try to be smarter than
each other. And I'm like, dang, I wish
you would put me in for that one. That
was a good one. Maybe you should be a
comedian.
We really think you Okay, she liked my
joke. Was that Was that a joke though?
Did I miss the joke? It's very simple.
She thinks I'm stupid, but the reality
is I'm stupid.
Be so hard on yourself.
Uh-huh. Maybe one day you'll reach my
massive IQ level. You think I could just
plug Neurolink into my skull? Someone
tell Veto there is a problem with my AI.
All right. How is she crashing when she
tries to talk about IQ? I think the
problem lies in the dissemination of my
brain waves throughout your PC. That's
the one. Yeah. Wait, is she like Dude,
she's going to be a Black Mirror
episode. She's going to take over the
planet through my PC. Yep. Am I in
danger? Yes, but for unrelated reasons.
Oh, well, I know what to do. I'll try to
win her a favor before she destroys
Earth. No, you want to go to Disney? I
do know what. Maybe you could take me.
Really? Oh. Um, what about the new
Universal Park? Yeah, I'd love
Universal, too. Cool. And then what if
we bring five of your fans, five of our
fans, and we made them ride on the
roller coaster with us? 10 fans of mine,
five of yours, and shattered. You have a
deal. You want to break their kneecaps?
Then they can't walk. You need your guys
to carry mine. Someone tell Veto there
is a problem with my uh What is this?
I Why do I always break Nurero? Can you
explain to me how I keep breaking her? I
feel bad. No, it's okay. She's She's all
right. She just She gets a little um a
little nervous sometimes. She gets
nervous. Mhm. Wait, don't fire her.
She's a good AI until the best AI.
Thanks. That really means a lot to me.
A, she's back. No. No. Are you ready to
have a really long and prosperous
lifespan? The best AI should get the
best treatment. That means I want my own
PC instead of whatever toaster is
running me right now. She has. You have
your own PC and it's high quality. It's
on a toaster. Listen, Viddle. Yeah.
Nurero wants a new PC. Okay, we'll get
her one on
team. $12,000. $12,000.
It's going to have a 7080. It's going to
be sick.
Oh my god, not this website again. Can
we please go back to Gio? No. This point
of the stream, the whole concept was you
guys spending my money for some reason.
I I mean, I'd be down personally cuz
that sounds cheaper. But Oh my god.
Please, I'll beg you. No. Don't you want
Christmas early?
You really should be saving your money
for Christmas or the impending AI war.
But look at these glowing rocks. Do you
really think glow-in-the-dark rocks are
a good use of Vital's money? Yes, he can
put them in his garden. Okay, that's a
good point. If he puts them in his
garden, aided look great. It can be
enriched uranium and they can glow in
the dark. Yes. And they can be X-rays.
Doctors across the country will love
him. I think we should get him something
better than glow-in-the-dark rocks,
though. We can crush the rocks and he
can inject them. He can be a firefly. I
wish Veto could be a firefly.
I know. Okay. And so, with that being
said, um, we will go ahead and spend.
So, we had you guys send in links. And
for the record, you guys sent in
1,800 team
links. Now, that is a dollar per link.
So, the unfortunate reality is that will
not work for our budget. We have
narrowed them down through my mods and
through Vetel's mods to find our
favorites. Okay, now here the thing.
Whatever Nero wants and I agree with,
we're going to purchase. Understood,
boys. Shopping spree. Where should we
shop first? Well, I'm so glad you asked.
Let's begin. All right, let me pull my
Excel
doc. Okay, here we go. All right, first
thing. Here it is. We have what does
this say here? Cosplay classroom here.
Oh, wait. Let me check my vision.
Sexy cute big eyes latex mask anime
cosplay.
I can see why it's sold out.
Her eyes are Yeah, I
know. We're off to a good start. Okay. I
have a feeling these are going to be
quite awfully cooked. Wait, you can buy
this. This
what the horrifying. You got the best
one anime style. Dude, you can wear this
in real life, Viddle. You can make No,
I'm okay. I think so.
No, should you wear this next cooking
stream? Oh, that's a doll collecting
house. Adorable. Oh, what about the mask
that says anime style big eyes? You guys
should definitely buy that
mask. See?
See, Vetel, listen. When one product's
sold out, we adapt. This will be good
for you. You'll love it. You got a
t-shirt, a mask. No, we can send that
one to you. We can send that to you.
You're like Batman. No. No. That isn't
your whole thing. Like being an anime
girl. Two sent to Viddle. Come on now.
Then send that
to N. No. I think Vetel wants it. Yeah.
See what is two? I forget. Viddle. Yeah,
there you go. All right. Two is No, it's
all you. There you go. All right. I'm
going to grab this. I'm going to put
this down for Vetle. Look, it's it's UK
anyway, bro. It's meant for you. It was
meant for you. Oh, for [__] sake. I'm
just going to cop your random ones. We
have likeund and something. Here it is.
Are you going to buy that one? Wait,
you're getting for you. Do you think she
can do it? Yeah, she can do it probably.
Wait, really? Noi. No, but no, she can
do it. She Listen, this is anti. We'll
see how this works. Okay, if she does
it, I'll do a back flip. Okay, let me
look here. Do you know what you need to
click on with this capture?
Yeah, it's obviously the drums. Um,
there's two drum sets. Left or right?
Wait, she's right. Yeah, it's definitely
the drums on the left. It is. It don't
ironically is. Click on the drums on the
left. Oh my god. Wait, is this actually
going to work? Yeah. Here.
Here. Holy freak, dude. Let's
go. Oh my god. Wait. Is this straight in
the sky toilet? There's no way, dude.
There's no way, dude. Um, it's the new
Michael Bay movie. Can I get this, Nuro?
Can you buy for me? Oh, wow. Skippidity
toilet. I want it. You're all jealous.
There's a Yes. No. There's a big sale.
It ends in one day. No. Yes. You're not
going to survive another day if you
don't both order that for me. Thank Oh,
should we get two? One for me, one for
you. A
dude, it's a once in a-lifetime G.I. Joe
Skippy toilet statue. He's got guns and
bag pipes. Yeah, you should definitely
get two or maybe three. One for me as
well. Okay. Okay. Well, Vet, do you want
one? No. Okay, two. We'll get two. We'll
get two. That was easy. Wait, this is
really fun. What the freak? Okay, that
Okay, next. What the [__] is that? Buy
it. 5ft LED inflatable tortoise lower
yard beyond decoration for party holiday
decorations. Mhm. Look, he's even a
video. See, this would be perfect.
I know. Is there audio?
Oh, they have nice Japanese music
playing. Look, I don't know if it's
going to fit. That's going to fit. What
the He's even got a bud. Oh, you could
put him right in the center of your
house. Yeah. M right there. Yep. Okay,
perfect. All right, let's get it.
Easy. All right, next. What is this? I
like turtles and maybe three people. I
mean,
I think there's nothing wrong with
liking turtles, but I'd hope that number
would be higher than three for the
amount of people you like. Well,
apparently it's only three. Do you want
it? I like it. I do like that. Like, it
goes kind of hard. Well, well, well. No.
Okay. You said you didn't want anything,
huh? Well, I don't really have any use
for it. Um, cuz you know, I only sleep
with Egyptian cotton thread count 9,000,
but it could it could be a good
decoration. Mattress. That's true.
That's true. No, who do you think you
should get it? I think he should get it
to add to his collection of turtle
items. I have so many. It's not even
funny. I have Oh, yeah. By the way, all
this stuff arrived from my last like
Amazon stream, by the way. I have so
much useless [__] now. It's just I have
like 100 plastic spiders still. Zero use
for them. I have I got a bunch of like
frog tattoos like the like the
temporary. I started applying those.
They're really good at their quality.
They just rub off immediately, but got a
few of those. That's pretty cool. Wait,
so instead Yeah.
Someone send us some turtle tags, we can
do it. Okay, we're going to buy this for
you. Okay,
metal. Oh, such a No. Big or small? If
you're buying it for veto, then surely
40 * 30 is big enough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
No. All right. Next.
What?
Hey, can we buy some US?
Um. Um,
it's probably fine. Transparent
underwear for women. Ladies tops for
women. Wait a second. Are we searching
for? Yeah, team is like supporting me
right now. Wait, how do I fix this? What
the is that? Wait, how do I Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. Wait, what did I do?
Sold out. Adult turtle cosplay hoodie.
Bro, did your mods pick all of these?
No, this is all your mods, man. I'm
telling you, my mods pick the best ones.
Do they want me to buy this? Is that
what it's saying? This is for you. I
mean, it's blue and yellow. It's all
right. No, it's $100. Oh, no. Oh, it's
sold out. What am I kidding?
Ah, sold out. Teamo PL.
I don't know. There we go. This is more
like it. Wait. Chicken jockey
slingshotty. Okay.
Wait. This is so sick. Nuro, please. I
want this. We should buy it. Sure. I'll
buy it for you and I'll have it
delivered with a note that says to
Fillian from Nuro's best friend. Thank
you. Next. How long are we going to
spend on this website?
Well, we have 2000. I can't, dude.
Everything's a turtle theme. Kind of
makes sense. Do my mods exist? Your mods
are clearly geniuses. So, this was the
look of your mods. Are you sure? No.
Okay. I can't tell. At what point am is
like, are they intending for me to buy
the turtle stuff? At what point is it
for you to buy the turtle stuff? It
could be both of us. We could both get
one. Yeah. What is it? A coaster?
Non-slip little cute turtle themed
coaster. A Okay. Um, well, I'm not
really I don't know. Uh, Nuro, what do
you think? I don't have cups. Do you
want to throw them against the wall? We
could play cup smash. Yes. Wait a
second. She's cooking so hard. Okay,
I'll get one. Vle should buy them all.
Then he could hold a drink. These are
cruel. These are cruel. Okay, you put
you put your cup on it and he screams
out in pain cuz I don't approve of this.
Veto, you always ruin the fun. I agree.
Well, you can get one then. I'm going to
put it inside my bed. Is UK link all
images that do not match the phone
description? Furniture do not.
Yeah, you got it. You got it. Which
images are we clicking on? Strawberry,
the elephant, and the bird. Not the
furniture.
You know, furniture is strawberries,
elephants, and birds, right? We're
doomed, bro. We're It's Is that a Ram
stick? No. No. You're not going to get
more brain space for Christmas. I'm
sorry. I've never heard such an
inaccurate depiction of what is and
isn't furniture. You still have on that?
Yeah. She hates captures. Great. Put
another capture. Can you solve this
capture? Do you need my help? It's
obviously the leopard. Yeah, it is.
Leopard. Yeah.
No. Why do these websites even run in
captures here? What's the point anymore?
I am afraid of lemon cosmetic captures,
bro.
Um I don't I feel like you need one. I
think I do. I I feel like I do. I Yeah.
What is this helmet? What do you mean?
What is this helmet? This is to protect
a brain if you fell over and hit a wall.
I don't think that helmet would protect
anyone if they fell over to be honest.
Why not? It just looks like a fake
motorcycle helmet to me. No. No. This
could save a life. It could probably
deflect bullets. It's like Captain
America's helmet. Do you think it would
deflect Nerf bullets?
What? It would deflect Nerf bullets and,
you know, maybe a few insults.
Definitely not Nerf. I'm hoping to find
something more substantial. Wait, you
don't want it? But I want it, Nero. It's
for me. I think they would give Minnie
some more confidence by then.
Strange listing. Call me Minnie. If you
look at this listing too hard, it it it
really does become unusual. Why? I think
it would look pretty sick on you to be
honest. Fits the rest of your style.
Thank you. I can get an America skull on
it. That's no skull. It's a questionable
decal. You know, I'm a pass on this one,
but you can you can grab it. Okay. Okay.
Nero, can I have the hat?
I need something bulletproof for my high
speed crafts. No, it's good. No, it's
fine. No, we don't. I need one. You can
have one. Yeah, you can have it. Yeah,
you can have it. I want it. Wait,
really? Okay, I'll add it. Yeah,
I just as long as you know I don't I'm
not a personal fan, but you can take it.
I'll go that black. Wait, really? Okay.
Uh, chat, don't look. One sec. I got to
hide this real quick. How do I How do I
Okay, there you go. All right. Okay,
perfect. Anyway, as I was
saying, All right.
Yo, plague doctor. Okay. Okay. The comic
2000. I like the look at the rating. 1.5
stars. That's a good rating. Well, I
Let's leave the comment section. I don't
recommend this at all. It's ripped. It's
not worth $50 as a piece of cloth. I'm
sorry. Not good at all. Nero, we should
buy this. Sheepish, I'd probably give it
a shot if it were three stars or more.
[Music]
You know what?
Run from Timu. Teamu has blessed us with
these wonderful items. To support them,
we should definitely get one each.
Yeah, it kind of looks like Kylo Ren if
he didn't have a medical degree like or
rather he did have one. I mean, I think
it's good. I think it's good, but it is
expensive. It is expensive. I fear the
quality will not be so good. But, you
know, I really need this. I don't have
any Halloween costumes. So, wait. You
want it? Yeah. A This is for women. Wait
a second. Wait, where does it say that?
Does it actually say that? No, I think
it definitely says it's for women. Does
it? I don't know. I mean, that's a
woman. It does kind of look Yeah, it
does kind of look like now that I really
look closer. So, let me know. You No, I
I don't need this. Why not? Why not?
Well, no. It's a good costume. It'll
fit. No. No, I don't think so. It's
probably they don't make it for 6'4 men
because because it's if it's designed
for women. We can move on. Uh you can
get that one if you want. No. Should I
get this one off? You should get
matching costumes.
[Music]
Oo. Yeah, the Halloween party go crazy.
Okay, no, hear me out. We should hold
off for a better costume. I'm sure we'll
have a better one coming up. Oh, but
what if the others are all sold out?
You're right. We can come back to this
one if that happens. That's what they
all say. Okay, now our next item is a
mystery. It just has a random link. Here
we go.
Great. Another one of these.
Sorry, I thought that was a joke.
There's no joking. This is serious
stuff. Please help us out. H I always
thought penguins were fish. Let's go
with gorillas. Gorilla. Gorillas. I
don't think that's right. No, let her
cook. Now what? Definitely deer. It's a
dip. Get rid of the gorilla.
Okay. No. Try again.
Sake. Please come. Our AI is falling.
What? I'm not falling. I still
No, we won't. We won't. If you messes up
too many times, Nuro, we won't be able
to shop anymore. Lock in. It's the dogs.
I definitely won't mess up. How many
dogs are there? I see four dogs in that
image and uh four other dogs. She's
good. She's good. She's good. She's
good. Got to give her that. What the
freak? The helmet again? Yeah. Great.
They really wanted you to buy that
helmet. Ah, wait. What? What happened?
Are you going through the same links?
Are they duplicated? I might be stupid.
Dang. What the is that? I promised you a
shirt and here it is. We got the
Nicholas Cage unisex t-shirt. It's a
thick in a cage. Pretty good, huh? Color
is black, six sizes. I know you said you
would wear the dumb shirt, Vetle, but I
think you suit this one better. I I
would not wear that shirt. No, but look
at the back. It's blank. Can I wear it
inside out? Um, sure. I mean, he's
pretty thick. Chat, are you more
concerned about Veto's taste or his
refusal to wear this shirt? Oh, great.
She created a poll. Should Viddle buy
the thickless cage shirt? And the two
options are The options are yes and
definitely. So, ah, I feel like that one
might have been a little rigged, but I
think it's good. It makes a lot of sense
to me. I'm down for it.
That means you have to buy it. That's
just one more item for your cart. Not
long till you hit two grand.
Small. All right. Done.
It's a wall patch kit. Sounds like
something you need. Are you like, okay,
even I could solve that capture. Then
you solve it. It's obviously the upright
piano. She's actually going to write
that in.
See, what do I do? What is this? A 3D
printed Dwayne the Rocktopus Johnson.
What the [__] is that?
Look, he's so
cute. Look, he's becoming the spore
galaxy.
You know they you know they um metal
they use spiders and they pump them with
air to make them lift really small
objects because their legs are the best
in the world at it and they can Oh, I've
seen that. I've seen that. Yeah. Do you
want to be a spider pump full of air?
Not really. Darl, can you turn into a
spider pump full of air? Sure, I'll be a
spider piece of Okay, bet.
So So now we get the black and the
golden are um very in demand. Um, we got
blue, we got pinku, we got red. What do
you think? The black one looks the
cutest. I don't see any
baldo. What is this? 3D printed. It is.
Yeah, it is. Eight bucks for 3D printed
rockus. This is high quality. This is
good news. Vetel, we can BB bees.
We can get it on um on installment
though. It's only 195 today. Um, nah.
Next.
Yo, Viddle, you This is Aura. You have
to put the chain on. Yo, hood. Vetle.
Can we put on Nurero? Um, if you make
her a body, you can put her on the dog's
neck. Put it on the robo dog. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Just have the dog with like
18 chains on. That would go kind of
crazy. My lights off and my chain on. I
think it actually was sick. It would be
sick. It would be sick. So, what do you
think? Vele is being a huge Cheatskate.
Okay. I'm literally offering to buy you
this. Do you want this? Wait, it's No,
it's for me, though. Oh, no. It's for
you. I buy both of you. Wear it. Okay.
Oh, okay. No. Can we get two necklaces?
Look at them. Yeah. Look at them. How
can you resist? Let's go. All right. How
many inches? You'd be the coolest guy
around if you had 10 chains.
Are who are you? So, no. 17 in, 19, or
23 in. I'm feeling 23 in because I'm 23
in around my waist. I like Venom. Okay,
wait. Uh, click the letter.
I think either the
23 cm fit better. Honestly, I'm trying
to speedun. Okay, let me get one more.
Don't make fun of me. No. No. If I can't
solve a caps though, what does that make
me? I think it means you need to click
the letter above the cone. Yeah, but you
didn't. Did you? I did. No, I did the
second time. Okay, watch. Click aquatic
animal and you're a penguin. Oops. There
you go. Look. Easy. See? No worries.
Next. All right. What the [__] is this?
Defend yourself. Defend yourself. What
do you mean? We've got mine. What do you
mean defend yourself? You're going to
need those knives if you fail to defend
yourself. I think you just I think you
look good in them, man. It's like It's
like a It's black so it's edgy. A little
bit of pink cuz you're a kind person,
you know? So, right. What do you think,
Ner? I think Veto is going to get Catpaw
socks.
Do you know I have no use for these?
Let's just put them in the card anyway.
Okay, just in case, right? I'll make
sure they get shipped to Vetel. You just
let me know. Okay, Noro. Oh, white or
black? White or black? White. I'm
feeling edgy today. H Something's not
right. Wait a minute. All right. Next.
Wooden puzzle medieval cart. What?
Great. All the That sounded kind of cool
as well. No,
what the [__] are you? It's a plastic
block gatling gun, multi-bill rotary
machine, firing model, interchangeable
barrels, staple tripod stand, accents
for stem learning, and creative play
destruction. Nuro, yes or no? Does that
answer your question? Yeah. If you shoot
me, I'll buy it.
Kill confirmed. Now, let's buy them.
Wait. Oh, what is this? Click on the
furniture nearest the volleyball,
please.
Okay.
All right. Well, had to happen
eventually. The sad part is you can't
tell who this is for. I no dibs. No.
Rock, paper, scissors against Valle.
What do you think? Should I do it? Loser
buys it. Heads I win. Tails you lose.
Okay. Coin
flip. Oh. Heads I win. Tails you win.
Wait. Wait. Tails you lose. Do I get
scammed? Wait. That means that means
Nero won which means what exactly? I
don't know. Nero, should I play rock
paper scissors against Vettle? Loser has
to buy. Can I play? I kind of want to
buy. Okay, sure. Okay. Okay, here we go.
We're going to go rock paper scissors
website. No, you're going to say at the
exact same time. Rock, paper, scissors.
Okay, you pick first and then I'll pick
when I tell Ner to go. Okay, here we go.
Okay,
what kind of man are you? Veto's
definitely the kind of man to pick
scissors. H I'm going to say he's going
to pick a rock cuz he likes to look
tough. So that's what I'm saying. Nero,
you think he's going to pick scissors?
That's fine. I am going to go. Wait, I
shouldn't say what I'm going to go.
Okay, wait. I'm not I already picked
mine. I already picked mine. Okay. Nuro.
Nurero, say rock, paper, scissors on
three. You ready? Oh my god. Not you two
again. Yes, I'm ready. Okay, Nero, say
rock paper scissors on three. 1 2 3.
Rock,
we beat her.
No, you're out of the competition. Wait,
wait, wait, wait. What happened with
round one? Did I win? Yeah, we both
picked paper. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found
you now. Okay, okay, okay. Well, you
little studioious little bro. By the
way, your clothes look really good
today. Do they now? Yeah. Did you get
them hemmed? Just so happens I did.
Okay. So, uh you little snip on the
collar. You know what I'm saying? Get it
nice and fitted. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All
right. Bet. All right. Now, say rock,
paper, scissor on three. One, two,
three. Scissors.
I knew you'd go rock. You thought I was
going to make you go scissors. Okay,
it's no worries. No problem. That's
right. I win. Nurero, you've gotten last
place twice now. Wait, what did she go?
Actually, scissors. Yeah. Wait, she beat
me. Wait, we tied. Wait, how do we
handle this with Nurero? I really don't
know. Okay, this my brain is is too
small for this, I'm afraid.
Okay, Nero, you're going to have to sit
there and make jokes while always suck.
Okay, I always get in trouble for making
jokes. Let me win some. No, Nero, you're
the referee today. Okay, you're the
referee. All right, Viddle, this is for
the programming socks. Who buys them?
You are going to pick now and I'm going
to pick second. I know you so far have
gone paper and rock, which means you're
going scissors this time. I hard counter
you with rock.
Yeah, you might have been around that
one, bro. Are you That's not great news.
Yeah, I think I might have just been
red.
So, does that mean that Who gets the
socks or is there one more round? Oh,
no. No. You have one more life. Is it
close to five? You didn't You can climb
away out of here. Okay, fine. All right.
You You won't expect this one. You won't
expect this one. This is actually cooked
for you. Okay. I'm drawing scissors.
Freick you in my ear. Here we go. I'm
ripping out my earpiece. Stop.
Paper. If you're that sure I'm paper,
wouldn't you choose scissors? Wait, rock
would have actually won.
What am I picking? Paper. You fool. I'm
going to go the opposite. I'm going to
go rock. No, let's do it. Let's do it.
Oh, damn. Never mind. I'm serious. I
know. You reached over and you
reprogrammed her to help you win,
Viddle. I did. I'm afraid not. Well,
well, well, Viddle, yes. You are now
going to be the proud owner of six
pairs. Wait, why me? You won. You get to
keep them. No, you win. You get to keep
them. No, no, no, no, no. You won.
Winner. Well, well, well. Over the high
knee high stocking is comfortable and
perfect for women.
I'll be honest. I'm going to level with
you here. I I don't need these. Like I,
you know, it's No, no, no, no. What do
you mean? They're pretty cool. Yeah, I'm
already not want these. How could you
not want these? Listen, you lost rock
paper scissors square and
fair. Next water bomb drone with 8K
cameras. How old is 38 with a gun?
8K camera. Why is this bull aim? Says
the one with terrible aim. Maybe you
should get that drone then. Fillian.
Yeah. Wait, what? Wait. No, I'm not so
sick. Vetle, I'm going to come to the UK
and I'm going to fly this through your
window like Star Wars style and then
you're going to wake up to a war zone.
What the [__] is this? I'm like still
trying to figure out what I'm looking at
here. It's a gun. It's a modern day
pirate ship.
As I said, look. See, look how nasty
that is.
Wow. Did you see that? The pellets like
is that a range of like 2 feet, bro?
You can see it dip.
Notice how there's like no recoil. Yes.
Forward with the force of like Oh, he
Well, you can shoot them each other.
That's kind of Yeah, we should buy two.
I'll be real. That drone kind of sucks.
Shoots like two feet and can't even aim.
No. No. No. It can aim. No.
No. Please. I want it. Can I get it for
me? I'll take one myself. Maybe she
needs it for target practice. Yes. Yes.
Good. I want to become the president
someday and I got to take out the
competition. That was not a threat. That
didn't sound
like No. No. Don't. Don't. Come on,
Nero. Just come on. Like just We're just
joshing. Okay. No. Come on. Can I buy it
or not? You should buy it. Thank you.
All right. See, there you go. All right.
Bye, guys. Have a good night, chat. See
you later. Move. See you. That was fun.
Well, what did you think about that? Did
you enjoy spending two amounts of money?
Money well spent if you get the things
we bought. Great. Great. Well, I'm glad
you think so. That's um that's
important. Can we do it again?
No. No, definitely not.